So moving on,
we were talking about installing stuff.
And as I said, we want to be careful
when we install stuff because basically
when we do npm install some package,
npm is going to go grab that package from
some stranger that put it on the internet
and pull it into our code base.
So right now,
we're gonna do what hopefully is a pretty
innocuous one [LAUGH],
which is a super old package that maybe,
I don't know,
folks might not have heard of it.
It's like an ask key art thing called
cowsay, and we're just gonna leave it as
a surprise, but maybe you can
guess already what it's gonna do.
So if I am now within my,
can folks see this terminal?
If I'm within my terminal and
I run npm install and
then the name of a package,
cowsay, for example, Sstuff is happening.
And so, NPM says, okay,
I added 41 packages [LAUGH] and
audited even more packages in two seconds.
Auditing is basically checking for
any known security vulnerabilities.
That's a whole other detail about trying
to deal with the complexity of an entire
interwebs of people
sharing each other's code,
that we're not gonna talk too much about.
But there's also an NPM fund command if
you wanna give some love back to your
favorite open source projects.
And the NPM audit is telling us that
it didn't find any vulnerabilities,
thankfully.
So sometimes NPM will be helpful and
tell you that it will It knows that there
is a problem, a known issue,
security-wise, for example,
in some of the 40-some packages
that just got installed.
Okay, so let us try to make sense of
what do you mean 41 packages were added?
So now, if I look at my package.json,
and is this too big?
Is that still legible?
>> Sure.
>> Okay, if I look at my package.json,
I have a new addition to the family,
which is a dependencies
object that only says there's
one package [LAUGH] and
it's called cowsay, and
then it tells me what version of
that package I just installed.
And generally, we would want that to
be like the latest major version or
whatever it is, but you can also
install a specific version by doing
like NPM install cowsay at two or
whatever.
In this case I don't think there is
cowsay 2.0, but some packages, so
let's say a major JavaScript
front end framework.
The difference between version two and
version three is like an entirely
different project, and so you really want
to make sure that you know which version
you're importing so
you can also do all of that.
And that's a whole other,
we could do a whole day of talking
about package versioning, but anyway,
what we've got is like a version of
cowsay as a dependency of our project.
And we also notice we
have some new files and
a new folder called node modules.
So node modules has now, I'm gonna,
say 40 some different folders within
it that are all different packages.
One of them I recognize, the others
I did not type into my command line.
Did you type them into my command line?
No, okay, so they just magically
appeared all right, cool.
So, if we look into one of these perhaps
the one that I intended to install,
we'll notice that each of them
has its own package Jason,
and in cowsay there is a whole
bunch of other dependencies.
And so now we're getting into,
we have a package that I wanted
to install as a dependency,
that package uses other packages as
its dependencies, and guess what?
If I go into each one of those,
get-stdin or whatever,
they have their own package.json,
with their own dependencies,
maybe, and so this is where all those
40 some odd packages come from.
NPM goes and grabs the entire tree of
all of the dependencies that we need,
all of the little JavaScripts,
all of the little modules,
we're gonna talk about that in a second,
that we need in order to run
the dependencies of our project.
So this kind of tree of like dependency
to dependency to dependency is,
where we get all those packages from.
And that whole tree of all of the stuff
going on there is captured or
sort of like locked, if you will,
in this file package-lock.json,
which tells you exactly which version and
like the SHA and
all of the things,
all the details about all these packages.
Now, this is not necessarily intended for
humans, us,
to be reading, but this is one of
the ways that we can also make sure that,
let's say, if we're installing
two different dependencies, but
they have conflicting different versions
of a dependency that they have, whatever.
NPM is sort of figuring all of this out
and warning us about those things, or
about missing dependencies, or
dependencies it couldn't find anymore, or
whatever else, right?
So it's using this information
to help us do all of this, and
to help us keep things updated.
So, there's a lot more we
could say about that, but
we're gonna kind of just
trust NPM to do its job and
figure out what are all these
node modules that we need to run.
And these all get stored in this
local node modules directory,
which incidentally, when we start
talking about like version control and
Git and stuff, we generally do not
want to check into our code bases.
And it can also just be
reproduced quite easily
by NPM installing a package once you
have got its dependencies specified.
So, back up when we have what we just
did with npm install is we saved
cowsay as, what have I done?
As a dependency of our project,
where am I?
And we have also installed all of
the dependencies of that project.
And in so doing,
we have essentially installed our project,
which earlier didn't
have any dependencies.
And so, what we have access to
now is the entire everything
else that is exposed through this package,
but
if I try to do npm run cowsay,
it doesn't know what I'm talking about.
If I try to do node cowsay in here,
it's also not happy.
And so the idea is that these are intended
to be run from within the code inside your
package.
It's almost they're intended to
be sort of private for the for
the package to be using, and you may or
may not be exposing any of the
functionality of these packages with let's
say scripts that you can run for
as a developer within your package.
Or within your main actual script
that is running your project,
which may or may not be providing
a higher level interface to one of
these dependencies, or
something like that.